Telangana is one of the fastest-growing states in India and one of the states with an open data policy. (They have published all their data online)


Peter Pandey is an aspiring data analyst looking for a project with real-time data to add to his portfolio. He wanted to analyse Telangana’s growth among different sectors quantitatively and
 provide useful Insights to the Telangana government that would help them to make data-informed decisions that would further support the growth of the state.

Peter Pandey began this project by drafting some of the key objectives for this analysis.

Task:

Imagine yourself as Peter Pandey and perform the following task.

Check ‘research_questions_and_recommendations.pdf’. You can use any tool of your choice (Python, SQL, PowerBI, Tableau, Excel, PowerPoint) to analyze and answer these questions. More instructions 
are provided in this document.
Please ensure that all the insights are appropriately visualized and mapped on the Telangana district map, which will be provided as part of the input file -> ‘shape file_example.mp4’. 

The target audience is top-level management - hence you need to create a convincing presentation to provide insights/recommendations. Be creative with your presentation, audio/video presentation 
will have more weightage.

You can use additional data based on your own research to support your recommendations.

Example LinkedIn post
Present Insights to Stakeholders and notify them. Instructions are provided in the ‘How to Notify Stakeholders.pdf’. (Important!)

Other resources Provided:

Dataset required for analysis.
Telangana district map (.json)
Metadata
Instructions for using dataset and district map.
Benefits of this challenge:

Every successful submission to get a joint appreciation certificate from codebasics and Open Data Telangana
Top 5 winners to get a letter of recognition from Open Data Telangana 
Internship Possibilities with Open Data Telangana
Credits: The dataset is taken from Open Data Telangana. Thanks to the Telangana Government for providing real-time datasets for public access which is a great learning asset - feel free to
 explore them here. (https://data.telangana.gov.in/). 

